>> Scott Moss: So now that we're on 3,000,
I'm gonna go ahead and
interact with our API.
So to do that,
there's a lot of ways you can do it.
I mean, if you're just doing
a whole bunch of GET requests,
you can just go to the browser and
just type those URLs in the search bar or
whatever and just see what happens.
But we're doing some post requests too and
that's really hard to do from a URL bar.
So normally what people will do is they'll
use like some clients on their terminal,
all different types of things.
I've been using this tool called Insomnia,
which is very much like Postman,
if you ever used Postman before?
Yeah, I use Insomnia, which I think is
way better than Postman and it's free.
So, that's what I'm gonna use in today's
course to interact with the APIs that we
will be making.
And you can download that on the Internet.
So if we just go to Insomnia,
I shouldn't have Googled that.
Why did I do that?
[LAUGH] Insomnia api, there we go,
Insomnia REST Client.
There's a Mac one here.
It looks like it works for
Windows and Linux as well.
So everyone should be able to
download it if you want to.
If you prefer, you can use whatever
CLI tool that you want or Postman.
Doesn't really matter.
This is just how I interact with my APIs.
I like it because it has support for
GraphQL too, which is really cool.
So I'm gonna head over to Insomnia.
And this is what it looks like for me.
I have a dark theme on.
Yours might look different.
Might be a light theme.
Mine is a dark theme.
And I'm just gonna go ahead and add a new
route, a new request for our server.
I'm just gonna say get data.
>> Scott Moss: So I'll create that.
And then I'll add the URL for our server.
Remember, I said it's gonna connect to
localhost on that part that we pass in.
So for us, it's gonna be localhost,
I put in port 3000.
So that'll be the url,
and then the path that I
want to hit is just gonna be right here,
/root as in nothing.
So it's just gonna be
the entry point to the server.
So the url is just gonna be exactly this,
3000.
There's nothing after it.
It's just that.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
run that request.
And it messed up because
I misspelled localhost.
So I'm gonna run that again.
And there you go.
We get our message.
Message, hello.
Which is exactly what I put here, or here.
So that's our GET request.
And then for the post requests
it's exactly the same thing so
I'm just gonna copy this,
I'm gonna duplicate it.
And now I'm gonna change it to a post.
And then I need to send
some data to the API.
So in this case in the Sami I can just
post a body if you're using any other
API tool to do a post request.
It's however, they allow you to send json.
This is where you would type in that json.
So in this case I can put whatever I want.
So I'm gonna change this to json.
I'm gonna say message.
Yeah.
It's gonna do that then I'm gonna send it.
So one thing to note is we got
back a message that says okay and
then we should see a log on
a server that says message.
Yo, and we do.
So that's what we sent, this message yo.
And we logged it right here on line 20.
Rec.body.
And then we responded back with just
message ok which is what we got back here
in the response.
So it looks like our server's working.
We were able to get some data and
send some data.
So if you followed along you
should have this going, but
what I wanna do now is just take a ten
minute break and to give people time to
actually experiment with this and go
a little further, see if you can make some
more routes that aren't just slash,
maybe add some other stuff here.
Some other stuff here,
see if you can maybe even break something,
just experiment with
the express load of it.
It's only gonna be ten minutes.
And then we'll continue
with our next lesson.